com/example/myapplication/inbox.java
 com.example.myapplication.inbox
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$1
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$2
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$2$1
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$2$1$1
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$2$1$2
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$2$1$2$1
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$3
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$4
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$5
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$6
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$6$1
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$6$2
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$6$3
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$6$4
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$7
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$8
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$8$1
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$8$2
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$9
 com.example.myapplication.inbox$compareUnread
com/example/myapplication/PublisherComment.java
 com.example.myapplication.PublisherComment
 com.example.myapplication.PublisherComment$1
com/example/myapplication/Commenter.java
 com.example.myapplication.Commenter
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentUserGuideBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentUserGuideBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ChatItemLeftBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ChatItemLeftBinding
com/example/myapplication/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.myapplication.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/myapplication/PopOutFilter.java
 com.example.myapplication.PopOutFilter
 com.example.myapplication.PopOutFilter$1
 com.example.myapplication.PopOutFilter$2
 com.example.myapplication.PopOutFilter$3
 com.example.myapplication.PopOutFilter$4
 com.example.myapplication.PopOutFilter$5
 com.example.myapplication.PopOutFilter$FilterDialogListener
 com.example.myapplication.PopOutFilter$FilterPref
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentInboxTaskerBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentInboxTaskerBinding
com/example/myapplication/MyResponse.java
 com.example.myapplication.MyResponse
com/example/myapplication/OtherTasks.java
 com.example.myapplication.OtherTasks
 com.example.myapplication.OtherTasks$1
 com.example.myapplication.OtherTasks$2
 com.example.myapplication.OtherTasks$3
 com.example.myapplication.OtherTasks$3$1
 com.example.myapplication.OtherTasks$4
com/example/myapplication/databinding/CommentprofileBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.CommentprofileBinding
com/example/myapplication/MainTasks.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainTasks
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMessageBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMessageBinding
com/example/myapplication/ChatBox.java
 com.example.myapplication.ChatBox
com/example/myapplication/MainActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$ObservableInteger
 com.example.myapplication.MainActivity$OnIntegerChangeListener
com/example/myapplication/ProfileAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileAdapter
com/example/myapplication/APIService.java
 com.example.myapplication.APIService
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentMainTasksBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentMainTasksBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityAcceptTaskBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityAcceptTaskBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentMainProfileBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentMainProfileBinding
com/example/myapplication/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$1
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$2
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$2$1
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$3
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$4
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$5
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$MyCount
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$MyCount$1
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$MyCount$2
 com.example.myapplication.MyAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentMyTasksBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentMyTasksBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/NewTaskCardBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.NewTaskCardBinding
com/example/myapplication/Leaderboard.java
 com.example.myapplication.Leaderboard
 com.example.myapplication.Leaderboard$1
 com.example.myapplication.Leaderboard$1$1
 com.example.myapplication.Leaderboard$2
 com.example.myapplication.Leaderboard$compareEarning
com/example/myapplication/Data.java
 com.example.myapplication.Data
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentInboxBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentInboxBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentChatFullscreenBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentChatFullscreenBinding
com/example/myapplication/LeaderAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.LeaderAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.LeaderAdapter$1
 com.example.myapplication.LeaderAdapter$2
 com.example.myapplication.LeaderAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/FragmentAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.FragmentAdapter
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentTaskTabBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentTaskTabBinding
com/example/myapplication/ObservableInteger.java
 com.example.myapplication.ObservableInteger
 com.example.myapplication.ObservableInteger$OnIntegerChangeListener
com/example/myapplication/user_guide.java
 com.example.myapplication.user_guide
com/example/myapplication/my_tasks.java
 com.example.myapplication.my_tasks
 com.example.myapplication.my_tasks$1
 com.example.myapplication.my_tasks$2
 com.example.myapplication.my_tasks$3
 com.example.myapplication.my_tasks$3$1
 com.example.myapplication.my_tasks$4
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentNotificationBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentNotificationBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/example/myapplication/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$4
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$5
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$6
 com.example.myapplication.LoginActivity$6$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ChatItemRightBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ChatItemRightBinding
com/example/myapplication/create_new_task.java
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$1
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$10
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$2
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$3
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$4
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$5
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$6
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$7
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$8
 com.example.myapplication.create_new_task$9
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentTabbedInboxBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentTabbedInboxBinding
com/example/myapplication/ViewPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.ViewPagerAdapter
com/example/myapplication/SettingsFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.SettingsFragment
 com.example.myapplication.SettingsFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication.SettingsFragment$2
 com.example.myapplication.SettingsFragment$3
 com.example.myapplication.SettingsFragment$4
 com.example.myapplication.SettingsFragment$5
com/example/myapplication/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.myapplication.BuildConfig
com/example/myapplication/chat_fullscreen.java
 com.example.myapplication.chat_fullscreen
com/example/myapplication/MyMessagingService.java
 com.example.myapplication.MyMessagingService
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentOtherTasksBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentOtherTasksBinding
com/example/myapplication/StoreProfile.java
 com.example.myapplication.StoreProfile
com/example/myapplication/Client.java
 com.example.myapplication.Client
com/example/myapplication/TaskTab.java
 com.example.myapplication.TaskTab
 com.example.myapplication.TaskTab$1
 com.example.myapplication.TaskTab$2
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityCreateNewTaskBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityCreateNewTaskBinding
com/example/myapplication/MainProfile.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainProfile
com/example/myapplication/NotificationSender.java
 com.example.myapplication.NotificationSender
com/example/myapplication/Leader.java
 com.example.myapplication.Leader
com/example/myapplication/about_us.java
 com.example.myapplication.about_us
com/example/myapplication/tasks.java
 com.example.myapplication.tasks
 com.example.myapplication.tasks$1
 com.example.myapplication.tasks$2
 com.example.myapplication.tasks$3
 com.example.myapplication.tasks$4
 com.example.myapplication.tasks$5
 com.example.myapplication.tasks$6
 com.example.myapplication.tasks$6$1
 com.example.myapplication.tasks$compareDdl
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityCreateProfileBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityCreateProfileBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentProfileViewBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentProfileViewBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentTaskerCommentBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentTaskerCommentBinding
com/example/myapplication/ProfileView.java
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileView
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileView$1
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileView$2
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileView$3
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileView$4
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileView$5
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileView$6
com/example/myapplication/databinding/EmailLoginBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.EmailLoginBinding
com/example/myapplication/CompleteDialog.java
 com.example.myapplication.CompleteDialog
 com.example.myapplication.CompleteDialog$1
 com.example.myapplication.CompleteDialog$2
 com.example.myapplication.CompleteDialog$CompleteDialogListener
com/example/myapplication/StoreSetting.java
 com.example.myapplication.StoreSetting
com/example/myapplication/RecyclerDeco.java
 com.example.myapplication.RecyclerDeco
com/example/myapplication/CommentAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.CommentAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.CommentAdapter$1
 com.example.myapplication.CommentAdapter$2
 com.example.myapplication.CommentAdapter$3
 com.example.myapplication.CommentAdapter$CommentViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ProgressDialogBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ProgressDialogBinding
com/example/myapplication/Rating.java
 com.example.myapplication.Rating
 com.example.myapplication.Rating$1
 com.example.myapplication.Rating$2
 com.example.myapplication.Rating$3
 com.example.myapplication.Rating$4
 com.example.myapplication.Rating$4$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/LeaderBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.LeaderBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentTasksBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentTasksBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/myapplication/MainViewModel.java
 com.example.myapplication.MainViewModel
com/example/myapplication/ProfileFragment.java
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$1
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$2
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$2$1
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$3
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$4
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$5
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$6
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$7
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$8
 com.example.myapplication.ProfileFragment$9
com/example/myapplication/InboxTasker.java
 com.example.myapplication.InboxTasker
 com.example.myapplication.InboxTasker$1
 com.example.myapplication.InboxTasker$2
 com.example.myapplication.InboxTasker$2$1
 com.example.myapplication.InboxTasker$2$2
 com.example.myapplication.InboxTasker$2$2$1
 com.example.myapplication.InboxTasker$3
 com.example.myapplication.InboxTasker$compareUnread
com/example/myapplication/TaskerComment.java
 com.example.myapplication.TaskerComment
 com.example.myapplication.TaskerComment$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentTasksFilterBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentTasksFilterBinding
com/example/myapplication/PhotoProfile.java
 com.example.myapplication.PhotoProfile
 com.example.myapplication.PhotoProfile$1
 com.example.myapplication.PhotoProfile$2
com/example/myapplication/notifications.java
 com.example.myapplication.notifications
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/myapplication/Profile_Comment.java
 com.example.myapplication.Profile_Comment
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityLeaderboardBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityLeaderboardBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ChatItemBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ChatItemBinding
com/example/myapplication/TabbedInbox.java
 com.example.myapplication.TabbedInbox
com/example/myapplication/Register.java
 com.example.myapplication.Register
 com.example.myapplication.Register$1
 com.example.myapplication.Register$2
 com.example.myapplication.Register$2$1
 com.example.myapplication.Register$2$1$1
 com.example.myapplication.Register$2$1$1$1
 com.example.myapplication.Register$3
 com.example.myapplication.Register$3$1
 com.example.myapplication.Register$4
 com.example.myapplication.Register$4$1
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentProfileCommentBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentProfileCommentBinding
com/example/myapplication/TouchHelper.java
 com.example.myapplication.TouchHelper
 com.example.myapplication.TouchHelper$1
com/example/myapplication/CreateProfile.java
 com.example.myapplication.CreateProfile
 com.example.myapplication.CreateProfile$1
 com.example.myapplication.CreateProfile$2
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentAboutUsBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentAboutUsBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ActivityRatingBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ActivityRatingBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentPublisherCommentBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentPublisherCommentBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/CompleteDialogBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.CompleteDialogBinding
com/example/myapplication/MessageAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.MessageAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.MessageAdapter$1
 com.example.myapplication.MessageAdapter$2
 com.example.myapplication.MessageAdapter$3
 com.example.myapplication.MessageAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/myapplication/Chat.java
 com.example.myapplication.Chat
com/example/myapplication/Background.java
 com.example.myapplication.Background
com/example/myapplication/NewTask.java
 com.example.myapplication.NewTask
com/example/myapplication/databinding/ChatAdminBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.ChatAdminBinding
com/example/myapplication/databinding/FragmentTaskViewBinding.java
 com.example.myapplication.databinding.FragmentTaskViewBinding
com/example/myapplication/AcceptTask.java
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask$1
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask$2
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask$3
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask$4
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask$5
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask$6
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask$6$1
 com.example.myapplication.AcceptTask$7
com/example/myapplication/MessageActivity.java
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$1
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$10
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$11
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$12
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$13
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$14
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$14$1
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$15
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$16
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$17
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$17$1
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$17$2
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$18
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$19
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$19$1
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$19$2
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$2
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$3
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$4
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$5
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$6
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$7
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$8
 com.example.myapplication.MessageActivity$9
com/example/myapplication/task_view.java
 com.example.myapplication.task_view
 com.example.myapplication.task_view$1
 com.example.myapplication.task_view$2
 com.example.myapplication.task_view$3
com/example/myapplication/UserAdapter.java
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$1
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$2
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$3
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$3$1
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$3$2
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$4
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$5
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$6
 com.example.myapplication.UserAdapter$ViewHolder
